You're not wrong, grab tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap
Tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap.
When we come back, we are not just a follow-up baby.
We are home Beizhong yes
Mr. Su and Lao Ku can sit down
It's better to keep the stinky treasure case
Making trouble
It's him who should set off, right?
Let's go, let's go, let's go
I know what you are saying
I don’t remember to follow Brother Ren. What did I do?
You put this waste
What does it have to do with Mr. Su?
Have you thought about it?
For a definite treasure case
Stop it
Developed families also have special rules for generals.
Famous by the security cameras that followed me
What kind of company is this?
You belong to this bad line
Then you go fuck me Sutong
If you were a kilogram
Then our developed family will send people
How dare you behave like this ugly person like you?
I belong to this kind of person who sees elephants
Who dares to be ugly?